Add SR-IOV InfiniBand network configuration content [4.6] (#25655)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-ib-attach.adoc

[id="configuring-sriov-ib-attach"]
= Configuring an SR-IOV InfiniBand network attachment
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configuring-sriov-ib-attach

toc::[]

> You can configure an InfiniBand (IB) network attachment for an Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) device in the cluster. For the detailed object specification, refer to xref:../../networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-ib-attach.adoc#nw-sriov-ibnetwork-object_configuring-sriov-ib-attach[InfiniBand device configuration object].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure an InfiniBand (IB) network attachment for an Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) device in the cluster. For the detailed object specification, see xref:../../networking/hardware_networks/configuring-sriov-ib-attach.adoc#nw-sriov-ibnetwork-object_configuring-sriov-ib-attach[InfiniBand device configuration object].
```

Reviewer: It's a little odd to me that you're xrefing to a module deeper in this assembly.

Author: @kalexand-rh, ideally I might have these as completely different topics, but without `xref` support both are compressed into the same topic. So this is my latest attempt to workaround not having access to `xref`. It would make even less sense to include the `xref` in an _Additional resources_ at the bottom of the page, I think.

But maybe it's clear enough from the table of contents that the object specification also lives on this page?
